uh hi I'm Carrie I work on Ruby with
these guys hi I'm Monty I also work on
Ruby and I'm miles Luna I work on ruby
and red vs. blue well I mean it was
about a year ago actually a little more
than a year ago while finishing up the
10th season of red vs. blue um the
higher up said roosterteeth were felt it
was about time I had my own show and
I've been working on concepts and ideas
for characters I've done a lot of a lot
of my work tends to revolve around this
fantasy action and such so doing a show
in nmas show like Ruby felt more than
appropriate so I started putting some
ideas I'd had for years uh into play and
that's what started off Ruby with the
first trailer which is a Red Riding Hood
s character with a sniper rifle sight I
mean yeah that'd be cool I mean I i
watched tanami all growing up as a kid
yeah yeah that would be really awesome
yeah to me growing up it was get off the
school bus go into the living room throw
down bag watch dragonball z then watch
you Hawk show then watch a reboot I was
devastated when Tom one died I would
love it if ruby could be on toonami
absolutely I mean a little almost four
years ago when I started a rooster teeth
I was here to work on red vs. blue and
add the animation to the scenes you know
give it a little bit of punch in action
um essentially doing red vs. blue was a
path to earning the right to do a show
like Ruby um we still do red vs. blue
and it's definitely still worth doing
with the characters do we have that we
have plenty of investment in ah it's
just now really awesome to have two
shows where we're both characters that
we know and love and characters that we
will know and love a lot a lot a lot a
lot of hours of riding followed by
planning followed by recording followed
by animating followed by compositing it
was just a lot of everything yeah it was
definitely a different experience for us
because you mean we worked on season
eight nine and ten all had animation in
it for our vb but starting something
from the ground up and having no assets
to begin with no nothing is just alright
let's create everything was a pretty
different yeah I mean that it starts
with the fact that these are original
characters so they have to be designed
so I went in and just like think this is
what this character should look like
sure and then we keep moving because we
just have no time we make the character
as good as it needs to be we make the
show as good as it needs to be and then
we keep moving but it helps that
everyone is so very talented so as good
as it needs to be is probably more than
we'd ever need it to be because everyone
is just just that much that much a
stickler for what for what we want it to
be and you know so you know a lot of the
basic pipeline things that happen in an
animation production where you know you
write it you storyboard it you hand it
to animators you record voices but
there's also a lot of unusual things
that happen because we're such a unique
studio so um it's a combination of a lot
of different things and at the end of
the day which is all out to make a
really good product
I mean for us personally I mean
especially me I'd say Ruby just having a
show of our own is great um a lot of
people at the studio are also very proud
of the fact that we were able to stop
establish something new that's a pretty
phenomenal feat in this day and age yeah
I mean I think for the company as a
whole it's the fact that we've we're an
online kopen has existed for over 10
years now that's not you know ebay or
google you know it's like we're it's a
it's hard to find another company it's
done that we're all really proud of that
um people seem to like our stuff like at
the end of a it's like we made something
that we thought would be fun and then
other people think it's fun to like I
think that's incredible I just think
it's awesome I think red vs. blue is
successful just because of how strong
the lovable idiotic characters are it
really is just like it's the gang like
it's these guys that people have known
now for over 10 years people just want
it like it's hard to let go of
characters you know it's like when your
favorite show comes to an end it's so
hard to say goodbye and everybody loves
these guys so much it's so hard to say
goodbye um at this one it says what
crazy thing are they gonna end up in
next and with season 11 they've ended up
in something pretty crazy and and we're
really excited to go forward with with
the more seasons in the future
while the transition from machinima to
ruby was uh pretty easy because of the
animation bridge that we had done by
putting animations in red vs. blue so I
mean we use the same software uh
sometimes it might even be similar to
the same animation we use the same
motion capture system it's just a matter
of a different type of output are taking
the animation pipeline from you know
half seasons of a show to a full season
the show ends up being a lot more
direction a lot more art and a lot more
really manpower are and therefore it's
essentially just at the end of the day
we're just trying to you know make sure
the message it retains the original
vision is is still intact while doing
you know while doing that on a
week-to-week basis and meeting our DVD
deadlines oh I mean we're all itching to
get to work on a second volume of Ruby
and we're all really excited in November
on November twelfth we're gonna be
releasing the DVD and blu-ray of Ruby
vol 1 and it's a super surreal that a
little over a year ago this idea that we
all had in a really work high night uh I
don't know this one little spark of a
cool idea has become something so
legitimate I mean essentially we're
excited to do more yeah we want more
yeah I mean it's essentially the mantra
of our company to just do make something
we think we'd like we just want to do
more of it so I mean even when we were
forced to take vacations we still didn't
stop thinking about it
so yeah if you want you can always
follow me at miles luna 24 on the
Twittersphere my name is pretty simple
it's just monty oum Emma went eyoum at
Twitter yes and I'm at Carrie Shawcross
full name